Look at our strength over 50
What do we ask for?
The era we lived in
No eyes
President Jiang President Jiang
Mr. Sun and I have long defected to His Majesty the King
Please forgive us
Yes, we will swear allegiance to the death
I found out
As long as you are faithful and evil dogs
We will protect you
Ah.
Wow wow wow wow wow
Don't try to hide it from others
All your property
Know it all
President Jiang
You were just testing our loyalty
Right go away
You to us
How strong is the industry without value?
Tens of thousands of industrial assets
I just 1 trillion
Fair enough.
I'll share it with you today.
And it will be kept secret
I didn't find you, did I?
You jump out first, I care, I'm obedient
What's going on?
Why don't you go?
Because your Japanese warriors are all dead
You are Mr. Wei, the lord of Haicheng City